Think of something awesome
Now, make it even better!
That's exactly what addons do for Firefox
You can use them to customize,
personalize and enhance your browsing experience
on both your desktop and mobile.
For example -
you can change the look of your browser
based on your mood and style.
To this,
or this,
or even this!
Or say you're shopping for a new gizmo.
An addon can help you to find the best price.
Just like that!
Addons can also make searching
a thing of beauty.
And let you share stuff with your friends
right from the page you're on.
I'm glad you like it ðŸ‘
Next time you're heading off on holiday,
addons can help there too, with everything
from getting there, to the weather,
to places to stay!
And if you come across a site in another language,
there are addons that can translate it for you.
Best of all -
they are supereasy to install.
Just a couple of clicks
and you're done.
With thousands to choose from
there's an addon for just about anything
to help put you in control of your Web.
Give addons a try.
And make your Firefox more awesome than ever.